MTV-1385: Release Notes for MTV 2.6.6 (#550)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-2.6.adoc

This release has the following resolved issues:

[id="resolved-issues-26-6_{context}"]
=== Resolved issues 2.6.6

.Runtime error: invalid memory address or nil pointer dereference

In earlier releases of {project-short}, there was a runtime error of `invalid memory address` or `nil pointer dereference` caused by a pointer that was nil, and there was an attempt to access the value that it points to. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.6.6. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1353[(MTV-1353)]

.All Plan and Migration pods scheduled to same node causing the node to crash

In earlier releases of {project-short}, the scheduler could place all migration pods on a single node. When this happened, the node ran out of the resources. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.6.6. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1354[(MTV-1354)]

> .Empty bearer token is sufficient for authentication

Author: As this ticket is marked private, should we remove it from the release notes

Reviewer: It's a CVE, how do we document CVEs?

Author: If you want me to include the CVE, then we can.

Personally, I would prefer to include them with a link to the Red Hat CVE library

| CVE example |
| ------------------- |
| 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c88306b-bf04-462c-b2ff-70e78d4f6ac8) |

What do you think? If you want me to include it, please ping me the CVE number and I will include.

Reviewer: Let's take what you prefer :)

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, an empty bearer token was sufficient for authentication. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.6.6. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1377[(MTV-1377)]

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-short}, a vulnerability was found in the Forklift Controller.  There is no verification against the authorization header, except to ensure it uses bearer authentication. Without an authorization header and a bearer token, a `401` error occurs. The presence of a token value provides a 200 response with the requested information. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.6.6. 

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-8509[(CVE-2024-8509)].
```

This release has the following known issues:

> .Warm migration and remote migration flows are impacted by multiple bugs

Author: * Do you also want an admonition adding in [Warm migrations docs](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/2.6/html-single/installing_and_using_the_migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/index#warm-migration_mtv)?

Reviewer: Can we make this a INFO or NOTE box?

Author: @fabiand . Yes, of course (makes sense).

 There are five admonition types:

* NOTE
* TIP
* IMPORTANT
* CAUTION
* WARNING

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f82270eb-8ba0-402a-b728-572c1636c2ac)

Added as a WARNING, but it is a single attribute change. So which would you prefer?

Reviewer: this looks to me.
